hi my name is Pat laka dido I'm a
historical interpreter at the Yorktown
victory center here in beautiful
Yorktown Virginia my passion is nature
working with living things in the great
outdoors what better place to work then
on our recreated 18th century Middle
lling tobacco farm my favorite thing to
do here is to plant seeds it amazes me
every time I put them in the ground with
the right amount of food water and
sunlight nature can create a beautiful
plant for all to see my go my desire is
to educate visitors about historic
farming here in Tidewater Virginia for
the early settlers farming was a way to
live not a way to get rich our farm
staff shows all aspects of colonial
farming what planters did on a daily
basis and how they live their lives
farmers work the land for shelter food
and supplies and to raise the cash crop
to purchase things they couldn't make
this typical rural lifestyle had
seasonal cycles of work that had to be
adapted to the mild winters and hot
humid Virginia summers daily chores need
to be done and this was physically
demanding work here on our farm visitors
can participate in hands-on activities
like the early settlers did 230 years
ago share with our interpreters the
experience of watering the garden with
homegrown gourds tending the fields with
digging tools push a wheelbarrow wash
clothes try on a yoke for size and there
is so much more here to do on our farm
seasonally we harvest vegetables fruits
and herbs and we store and preserve them
here in our kitchen but the best thing
about my job here on the farm is tasting
the food we make in our open hearth
fireplace
you